https://open.spotify.com/track/7F5rIyOI88zk36AiBXC8xq The Girl From Ipanema
https://open.spotify.com/track/4TUYXBMD004ZwWTeYcynFH Autumn In New York
https://open.spotify.com/track/7wwDhqPS3gxRDenfX2GtiT When I Fall in Love (feat. Chris Botti)
https://open.spotify.com/track/3q634ZiAdA9bcg135bdJxo Stars Fell On Alabama
https://open.spotify.com/track/6RjvMuSa4ZCqPueIIO4IBs Don't Get Around Much Anymore
https://open.spotify.com/track/3ts3nBCGF7K9JvSjWVQfX8 All of Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/1oFnBxOvkmjiUo6dBCEEoC Moon River
https://open.spotify.com/track/24mo3C5GuVTfoL8vedPMqL Spring Can Really Hang You Up The Most - Demo
https://open.spotify.com/track/6wcWYONsa1wGcmhu3WX7SK Have You Met Miss Jones?
https://open.spotify.com/track/4IqrPu63viykyz34gUYKAx I've Never Been In Love Before
https://open.spotify.com/track/3k8WOOIt8iHgfXzTXBonDC Cry Me A River
https://open.spotify.com/track/6jz5HzDmPuQ24U7u7KfKGw I've Got You Under My Skin
https://open.spotify.com/track/2CUE9wgebjfvbu8It4RmZn Never Let Me Go
https://open.spotify.com/track/60gs0cMpDerQrMDmGOj8LX Stardust
https://open.spotify.com/track/5J6264keZ3ksbsHwef1U7G You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To
https://open.spotify.com/track/15rK0xMSB82q4UMlqsif9d Days Of Wine And Roses
https://open.spotify.com/track/4EzDKhYBnbDvbDGqJxK1HZ My Funny Valentine (For Oskar and Eli)
https://open.spotify.com/track/6tANJIaIQAFhMxgnafAZd2 I Get A Kick Out Of You
https://open.spotify.com/track/4vrdSRSPdwRPjeLL5iqb3p Beautiful Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/6DcnA13j0itZwmg4BpqWZk How Deep Is The Ocean
https://open.spotify.com/track/56IPhyZ2ByxWPksbqKpNxF It Might as Well Be Spring
https://open.spotify.com/track/4VbqUDBWyK15pTal9THtFu (There Is) No Greater Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/4Pjs6JmmSq4v9FuZFnWIng Misty
https://open.spotify.com/track/5FpmRoCduqD28smrRs6mdl I Didn't Know What Time It Was
https://open.spotify.com/track/6bMqQogZNBfntMz9wggan9 Tenderly
https://open.spotify.com/track/1vsZD1hVHW7BU4FOIYkO5R I'm Old Fashioned
https://open.spotify.com/track/7hPTKT0j7mEn9lBKerFtit Summertime
https://open.spotify.com/track/6LxpgHc7rOPEa89SQNkcWl The Way You Look Tonight
https://open.spotify.com/track/4rswaELpXQr1pcYK2wVlMs I Remember You
https://open.spotify.com/track/5Ihx6oOsUBYF0Zp6zUC7fk I'm Confessin' (That I Love You)
https://open.spotify.com/track/0DHyfTHCTvbeVJyXIzVhlq Unforgettable
https://open.spotify.com/track/069NmdhmDYDPQm363GsVWw Them There Eyes
https://open.spotify.com/track/2NqeffZ7KtvH6T5kFW3Qqj Soul Eyes
https://open.spotify.com/track/7dW9KIZvcQJnjQb3vy5Q6i All The Things You Are
https://open.spotify.com/track/1W0we35aHpMp7AkOYyh76Q The Thrill Is Gone
https://open.spotify.com/track/2pbIJmUuLTgQhiyQxrZYJG You Go to My Head
https://open.spotify.com/track/2ZEkwS2dzMcOlBbl8Twr3h It Might As Well Be Spring
https://open.spotify.com/track/6NTYTe9TefEXD65luwjxal Someone To Watch Over Me - Demo
https://open.spotify.com/track/7mOnmZ2OWGfNMXEBIf3aUS But Beautiful
https://open.spotify.com/track/7j40w0FSgNFRKIwG3hgms7 I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart
https://open.spotify.com/track/0i6JF8OHlrX1Rxe13GbDnC Lush Life
https://open.spotify.com/track/0KiIVvicncLbgf0Gl3OXAI Willow Weep For Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/78nzY9fNwCTxpVxjh3ITWn Cheek to Cheek
https://open.spotify.com/track/4MdP2ZOWlwWLk1W7JxuuBL Fly Me to the Moon
https://open.spotify.com/track/0O4EEHgecr30A1bLMPMLyW On the Sunny Side of the Street
https://open.spotify.com/track/3YoCIqrOWyt7gV4UDKkCoj Angel Eyes
https://open.spotify.com/track/6YsCB8f5mpsqi4zQm2c7Zt A Fine Romance
https://open.spotify.com/track/4LIw2QRvZWvtV48O92yfKu Honeysuckle Rose
https://open.spotify.com/track/240uJF0WrDI5hc2S1OYsm5 I Fall in Love Too Easily
https://open.spotify.com/track/2vqISHPIeMcCS9P2JLQVBe I Should Care - Live From The Stables / 2004
https://open.spotify.com/track/1xxxPMRx3geNxH5IzUGpbX You Go to My Head
https://open.spotify.com/track/6ypjX27cjAhmJ36s8TGLBH Over The Rainbow
https://open.spotify.com/track/5zL83mKy1UQdjBVkalcsbP Sophisticated Lady
https://open.spotify.com/track/6yGQB99pq0XlpG569l3c2w Almost Like Being in Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/4IyuCMvAXWnalmM3ItK6OR You've Changed
https://open.spotify.com/track/5oB84U007ckjKBth7xohpA Take Five (with The Dave Brubeck Quartet) - Single Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/1KMgmgjUCjSHMWaEx6z9Om Don't Go To Strangers
https://open.spotify.com/track/1PsI3QZhAF2jfLChO6v1uK You Don't Know What Love Is
https://open.spotify.com/track/14ORBJ4OF5yFugB6Bk6UXa Old Devil Moon
https://open.spotify.com/track/5l8iXqtC7EjR1LV7nyYIzQ The Nearness of You
https://open.spotify.com/track/3bcRqaoHmEaChSzZnDpStU Ain't Misbehavin
https://open.spotify.com/track/0ssJXcJuCfALcfSrrCX4CX My Favorite Things
https://open.spotify.com/track/2PKjit21o0X86SGvn5zjt8 Someday My Prince Will Come
https://open.spotify.com/track/15Cd5pF6Xm4nB2MVcWbuCT Softly, as in a Morning Sunrise
https://open.spotify.com/track/0TsLdWGRBsUI26j5O7uDrP Just One Of Those Things
https://open.spotify.com/track/3l8AksMKUIO35TXrn115Lp One For My Baby
https://open.spotify.com/track/6iRmzLNOLg0HqSM9y8hhUp Blue Moon
https://open.spotify.com/track/1k1hhC4QNZ4JpqjoLB1AbT Love for Sale - 2010 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/3RfpcRtLrQEAda6kgcXIbW Lover Come Back To Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/1my1nf6O10GIZEZRp2Cxv7 Like Someone in Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/3QQnTKUkhNwuqsD5cgnhXi Long Ago And Far Away
https://open.spotify.com/track/7jom3iP8HEMgjRS5I69YGt Alice In Wonderland
https://open.spotify.com/track/6lTEWW5E6WLfctDEx0g2Lx I Can't Give You Anything But Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/6wpE2kIiFQUdJiKDlSywdf 'Round Midnight
https://open.spotify.com/track/4bARvqqbSKzJxChDEPyTZf Solitude
https://open.spotify.com/track/6ha4BjkaOZIx3KO0b9jUkj Alone Together
https://open.spotify.com/track/03R5ea3FXGW22d1aR4idlp Come Rain or Come Shine
https://open.spotify.com/track/7H8RGGtT30ZZngL1MeOURu My Foolish Heart
https://open.spotify.com/track/0goyk1vNnbD2GKXG96Fz0N In A Sentimental Mood
https://open.spotify.com/track/6D3rGir5Owv547fttKWhOH I Cover the Waterfront
https://open.spotify.com/track/3uAquUIR7rOf0d4KO7Eskb Dream A Little Dream Of Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/08fkvamJMu9uhyJeJnu1ki Send In The Clowns
https://open.spotify.com/track/4CFrQxVMAvkaIMsoZMI4sD Our Love Is Here to Stay
https://open.spotify.com/track/11zGAB6yiVU0x27PvuiKjr Bye Bye Blackbird
https://open.spotify.com/track/3fYkgDz0HwsGXejvh7IgXF Stormy Weather
https://open.spotify.com/track/5fapRhGcRhqBKY4MpnpUvB It Ain't Necessarily So (feat. Byron Stripling)
https://open.spotify.com/track/7jVKvqziOyILO8ljeMH7LZ Embraceable You
https://open.spotify.com/track/0zGKCcCnkIuNBYyROYYahX Night and Day
https://open.spotify.com/track/0BnmR1nRuZwrkjAC0FMJuf Lullaby Of Birdland
https://open.spotify.com/track/4UyjOqb8WOo08zJOPqS4Li These Foolish Things
https://open.spotify.com/track/77QC033EV6i8E9HDEItiLz April In Paris
https://open.spotify.com/track/6Ou5q5OPC5IV5o5wVntGG4 Yesterdays
https://open.spotify.com/track/01je6IZ6DPfoY1AGzblHVz Lady Bird
https://open.spotify.com/track/5CFPIHkuNevY89HCmQXCCh It Could Happen to You
https://open.spotify.com/track/4ifv0J6WIBtX59lF3jTNTG I'm a fool to want you
https://open.spotify.com/track/5mhtfZqUn7gzKUKE8oOWNB But Not For Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/3aAVPC3bru2PqkW520GvmX Alfie
https://open.spotify.com/track/6zKXKoEQlZjTir3jyFWXQ5 What a Little Moonlight Can Do
https://open.spotify.com/track/2Rhd2D90baRogqq44qwiqv I'm Old Fashioned
https://open.spotify.com/track/064KttUlvjGR4NcWP7LOWu Save Your Love For Me - Live
https://open.spotify.com/track/0F845nujLVqCb0XMZCh5Pc I Fall In Love Too Easily
https://open.spotify.com/track/4i3Js0sRUEfBSvIwCPvKRz The More I See You
https://open.spotify.com/track/2g1iBv7SXxiXX0IEG4lz2k Stardust
https://open.spotify.com/track/5JRDIhGU31EyE4OSUlDtWI You're Mine, You!
https://open.spotify.com/track/06UkYE0SZ3Y8zGRFOuWGAe It's Always You - Vocal Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/350exLbRdtTfhVRPgdmIWi You're My Thrill
https://open.spotify.com/track/4Y5fyQ5fBysC32Na5sZT3J Everything Happens to Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/14ahpcc73FbLDHBOJvWk1m It Never Entered My Mind
https://open.spotify.com/track/3pfbQmD5xGH9Tcc7GqGfSL But Not For Me - Vocal Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/4gOLhCjZJdhmCrrkkd9jSG That Ole Devil Called Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/2iUrcZcAuVIahQD0dg9HLe Autumn Leaves
https://open.spotify.com/track/4PkJlDmHpr9o7KUxm0Uflx Autumn In New York
https://open.spotify.com/track/1gF8EnsbcFBaYsNig7LhtN I Wish You Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/4cAZSwLu81TpobAB0M9kz4 When Your Lover Has Gone
https://open.spotify.com/track/6akL58jOFRUs3DdoF1tUP0 My Ideal
https://open.spotify.com/track/2DZdof9VHreWvnCBAuhNr2 I'm Old Fashioned
https://open.spotify.com/track/0hdNrtu4z3lHfP4YQOZUny Old Devil Moon
https://open.spotify.com/track/5ONPeQRp1m4KJ0M57qBj1D She Was Too Good to Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/29DQZscILU0D4b9ZykKIc2 My Buddy - Vocal Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/3lBFgKoGy3rAHejRPzeeTM Alone Together
https://open.spotify.com/track/2ISbOB1Xu6F3YlyP5n6J9d While My Lady Sleeps (take 10) - Alternate Take
https://open.spotify.com/track/4QwzVlAJSkcLeCNQ6Ug30P The touch of your lips
https://open.spotify.com/track/0mcL5G9Bf8SSzqpuQQm1bI There Is No Greater Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/5Z0HDixFz1mtvPOXLtCKU9 Born To Be Blue
https://open.spotify.com/track/27j5vjWiTCnys8U2AJQnJ3 Dancing on the Ceiling
https://open.spotify.com/track/5FXIXX9FniNJfHd9DJrOop Polka Dots And Moonbeams
https://open.spotify.com/track/4mDUnJXdRS9XuZSmCp9EFB I've Grown Accustomed To Her Face
https://open.spotify.com/track/7GsqpMfeEg024UNF8aQfDF Everything Depends On You
https://open.spotify.com/track/5QGVoad3qlkDMSIfcdou4G I'll Remember April
https://open.spotify.com/track/7mUwgUAe0RGbNGdkCJ2vHn Silence
https://open.spotify.com/track/1iBs0OyTuRQG2ZLkYEbxLT You’re Driving Me Crazy
https://open.spotify.com/track/5ZT1p3Elvxg6yu9qgWnH5r Don't Explain
https://open.spotify.com/track/2Mb0UmjVuMQ1Pgcyko9dW3 Almost Blue
https://open.spotify.com/track/5Tt7hPL0tRAGFPtcb7vgHu Sweet Sue, Just You
https://open.spotify.com/track/4MUgsyfXJov8dPEpiDqBIS Pent Up House
https://open.spotify.com/track/1ROntzeztBMrLwY6aMAR61 Trav'lin' Light
https://open.spotify.com/track/6FYeRy9LuMYTEMXOVCRCJ5 I Remember You - Remastered 2004
https://open.spotify.com/track/54M9x7RIRqE2PyIZAwZKLx Children's Waltz
https://open.spotify.com/track/5yljxAePPH15q2eyc2xPx2 Indian Summer
https://open.spotify.com/track/2zVXrCTp7TTyE4GVqMSeZ1 The Lady Is A Tramp - Instrumental
https://open.spotify.com/track/6A2tYCT1Wcd5RT6DhyCqhm Blue Thoughts
https://open.spotify.com/track/34eW5SfpLNKTODUhE4LSCm You Go To My Head
https://open.spotify.com/track/3Tl1ZkXpawreFbQLeLSPXT Moon Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/4ASStoXN76ilytWoCTieGf Skylark
https://open.spotify.com/track/6VQDwRTDemiSXkRiNawCYL Darn That Dream - Live At The Tiffany Club, Los Angeles, CA., 1954
https://open.spotify.com/track/37YN6evH0mNQjgyvKPXJcy If I should lose you
https://open.spotify.com/track/7eQ7NmYbzmPYVqkl847AdM Cheryl Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/2OcLouLyke8ocFkC3tgFd0 The Bird from Kapingamarangi
https://open.spotify.com/track/3JKnr1nLxocKNQMpmpAhpt Easy Living
https://open.spotify.com/track/7ovGdlP1wKhQDgyRfV6kmQ Speak Low
https://open.spotify.com/track/3PWnbNejd7twqp0kIXffHd Copacabana
https://open.spotify.com/track/2ZVo4KkwzAWImTGirpOt6P Words Can't Describe
https://open.spotify.com/track/5X4lsUAYrT5m0IyL6Xm8T5 Broken Hearted Melody
https://open.spotify.com/track/3YlIKafSOnFnfjAs1E80ng Just A Little Lovin'
https://open.spotify.com/track/3Sqv7KrLRowdwRwgpT4FAh I'll Never Smile Again
https://open.spotify.com/track/29NRxWMbx6J6IOoE8BBl5F Whatever Lola Wants - Gotan Project Remix
https://open.spotify.com/track/6f4Zazr4tHJ8iekdSwbBpT I've Got A Crush On You
https://open.spotify.com/track/5n4Pz0tBeKQkZj5CubLHK6 A Lover's Concerto
https://open.spotify.com/track/0f2HoOAhmbJdO26eZGLqIV All Of Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/28eFULERb1L9fTQ3mVHGAG I Didn't Know What Time It Was
https://open.spotify.com/track/3xAXSXOjOGs8Uk8Djp2BAw Jump for Joy - 2007 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/3rnxTrbJ23PQ0g4NNVadru Lover Man
https://open.spotify.com/track/5gKkKecfZsrzIkJlKyikyw Polka Dots And Moonbeams
https://open.spotify.com/track/2d8aSN8Ts5L2SccmdWtb2F Fever
https://open.spotify.com/track/5xoNUOFetIenhbHbLLIh1F In a Sentimental Mood - 1997 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/6ng4QBmeHkffqumqJLjM0P Passing Strangers
https://open.spotify.com/track/7cI4QJoyEMkjAfKrCptpMA In Love In Vain
https://open.spotify.com/track/5pqGVEoDYwVSQgrRnSW3Qm The Boy From Ipanema
https://open.spotify.com/track/20bB0bptCjNdqQR6tL6knD Bidin My Time
https://open.spotify.com/track/1xYZbzKH9rRC2x0tiOVgB7 Eternally
https://open.spotify.com/track/5LYRWSdYjVaUQUUBMNPD3e Say It Isn't So
https://open.spotify.com/track/539rmOeWpAiY5qaula9NM9 If I Knew Then (What I Know Now)
https://open.spotify.com/track/3vDxVKTS70JFyqgqcFh6In September Song
https://open.spotify.com/track/35wrxp0TCZJjdKTsxHZ9Op Tenderly
https://open.spotify.com/track/5M3VIhDH1DKw4q7ND7y3Um The Smiling Hour
https://open.spotify.com/track/5rxpJIhAmQJfCiR8yFJri9 It Don't Mean A Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)
https://open.spotify.com/track/4aG60xKy0PXyIj7OrRoq75 My Favourite Things
https://open.spotify.com/track/6OzGHBKjTKYHqrmTB5ELYK Autumn In New York
https://open.spotify.com/track/77U7bajekLF6Warf6GrIGu It Might as Well Be Spring
https://open.spotify.com/track/0vW6hnYs8SqB4ax3Kt5pBT Tea For Two
https://open.spotify.com/track/6HRu8Mn2cGAA76HiZe9UMe An Occasional Man
https://open.spotify.com/track/7KqxlGaaGIjO3gt8wHDjwY Bye-Bye
https://open.spotify.com/track/2Vav2LnJyPnahtK3cuMsMj Something
https://open.spotify.com/track/3pSgdD6BQlbX7svLp9OgYB I'm Just A Lucky So And So
https://open.spotify.com/track/3AbSaWWEeql2O17LbBLWzF Pennies From Heaven
https://open.spotify.com/track/2HcIXy7c9udGGzIzyLmEe3 Chelsea Bridge
https://open.spotify.com/track/0DM4kZSysGsa2fKCmupIT0 Speak Low - Live At The London House, Chicago, 1958
https://open.spotify.com/track/37S6ROjYCzIEX1CsyKlqxa Wallflower Waltz
https://open.spotify.com/track/4EMACwxQhEiB92cDXwjEoK I'd Rather Have A Memory Than A Dream (Remastered)
https://open.spotify.com/track/5C4Q2bVvCAqISg30ho99ZY I Ain't Got Nothing But The Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/6bLEe4RbDN8KTHuL3JhTn2 Fool on the Hill
https://open.spotify.com/track/5uekH3RJmqNsw6GBMvHgfa Moon River
https://open.spotify.com/track/6zDDs1yMUnf6rL4WSyOrZQ Key Largo - 1998 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/1RPkI6bLI1R5LKcDmYv06X Quiet Nights Of Quiet Stars
https://open.spotify.com/track/1gVxaA8pyhai6p1fnKJ8Rz ラヴァーズ・コンチェルト
https://open.spotify.com/track/2y0cNizuFEbwK207G4k7GX Ain't Misbehavin'
https://open.spotify.com/track/3rBd6sOh5fQbMU8tqT3afR Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye
https://open.spotify.com/track/0xFKgwWh3gq2fJHO8l5ieU I'm Gonna Live Till I Die
https://open.spotify.com/track/5GtaHLH5rydmRLuYNJu0fP My Funny Valentine
https://open.spotify.com/track/3yoCcX8jaVBWXb9c8Q5nW2 Do It Again
https://open.spotify.com/track/3cco5vdDFUcGLEB8bf9jmo For Once In My Life - Remastered/1994
https://open.spotify.com/track/2chTka18XL8un05Pkb8Lis The Boy From Ipanema
https://open.spotify.com/track/2QgtqdIQJTNhStSWal6ceV Oh! Look At Me Now
https://open.spotify.com/track/1jf3wYtynxiPOdhqAp3cUN The Masquerade Is Over
https://open.spotify.com/track/35jMzVgRFxGkSg7N0ZMVTw Sunny
https://open.spotify.com/track/3T4bj6wgXWe5K6vKp3JbLl When Sunny Gets Blue - Remastered
https://open.spotify.com/track/1Ov2QxMauYfb0YUahrGqxe The Very Thought Of You
https://open.spotify.com/track/4kAwnSBZKNrCVwjwZnVNgf For Heaven's Sake
https://open.spotify.com/track/2IcRKEB63dQD9YnWso8Ogu Tonight May Have To Last Me All My Life - Remastered
https://open.spotify.com/track/2tkCZHcDFbtU5F74uETPDw It Never Entered My Mind - Remastered/1994
https://open.spotify.com/track/4YkN3JlceD5n2aMqL1kFnH (You Don't Know) How Glad I Am
https://open.spotify.com/track/391jzZNqMz98LcEPFQuBvr Teach Me Tonight
https://open.spotify.com/track/7GdYQNZikjPn7uIE9AvimQ I'll Walk Alone
https://open.spotify.com/track/6wWkyosk7WllIpzUs5SliP Who Can I Turn To (When Nobody Needs Me)
https://open.spotify.com/track/5P9HFY2hkZjuLHEudoEa28 Ode To Billie Joe
https://open.spotify.com/track/765X4F6y4zyvi2MHEqAI68 Quiet Nights Of Quiet Stars (Corcovado)
https://open.spotify.com/track/5HHXJGCn13HxwLIjhIUZOH Like Someone In Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/51MPgJB3MAdVsVhFhIs6Xv My Shining Hour
https://open.spotify.com/track/01HYjfoAmhHZyEZAczUXZr Guess Who I Saw Today - Remastered/2004
https://open.spotify.com/track/4mtgGu7EI1txi6GCmMsGZc Don't Rain On My Parade
https://open.spotify.com/track/75v6Iil3NwEyac1y3EBKi3 I'm Always Drunk In San Francisco (And I Don't Drink At All)
https://open.spotify.com/track/4KlMXphRT1fJZ9Jno93Pef Dearly Beloved
https://open.spotify.com/track/0uVTPra00fHv9rL2hY3Ir7 Guess Who I Saw Last Night
https://open.spotify.com/track/5SQLURLN2rOpJRSjPJElTa Wish You Were Here
https://open.spotify.com/track/6RsJIcoNvEyMKuXqnhJ71f My Babe - Mono Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/3pFRM30DscYY9a92uwoLgL The Best Is Yet To Come - 1995 Digital Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/6eWBKkoPQeAi2ySZQShZvG The Good Life - Remastered
https://open.spotify.com/track/5rUKLTHPx2gvEoaYuVA4KJ Beautiful Things/The Things I Love/How About You? - Medley/Live On The Ed Sullivan Show, November 9, 1969
https://open.spotify.com/track/7HHq0WzpH4plLpZ5XbmsDO Time After Time
https://open.spotify.com/track/6hiqr7WFAgufx7KG6PcxVA Call Me Irresponsible
https://open.spotify.com/track/01iHUbUbAYJSINjlfIkIng You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To
https://open.spotify.com/track/79GSE0ggRC2iiTvunhxcPx One Note Samba [Digitally Remastered 00]
https://open.spotify.com/track/68666ujlu3XEaE9q0H0HIc Call Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/5WpmQmGdxAeQZGp1jcH9MJ Days Of Wine And Roses - Remastered
https://open.spotify.com/track/1jS9r9SEGqsvQJjvtIoNxp If Ever I Would Leave You
https://open.spotify.com/track/38yH9ifA3wWv2DPZr9FdtT Unchain My Heart - 2000 Digital Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/30MyA7RaAa7ofOOxzew5vf Can't Take My Eyes Off You
https://open.spotify.com/track/6YCiNVVBDsjUMVq6x3yvbT West Coast Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/4mnTW5y6XbNxT2JCRKYvOX Cabin In The Air
https://open.spotify.com/track/4nYJKcJk7WOzL5Cf4kezZD Moon River - Remastered/2006
https://open.spotify.com/track/3i9xKYbacwBVLMMjie9gsl Spinning Wheel
https://open.spotify.com/track/1KYRbKVxBvEVvA0S0axwvS Never Let Me Go
https://open.spotify.com/track/7zvRbSfDGDCHJzVBL7wZQo Sunshine
https://open.spotify.com/track/1CQwu1U6dXJktcw8kPeQdq If Dreams Come True
https://open.spotify.com/track/1T7J8iMdK0f3EnntOlOFj3 I'm In Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/07dplynU5rPYmQBdKHOmk1 Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You - Live On The Ed Sullivan Show, November 9, 1969
https://open.spotify.com/track/4zKkqWFRHHoBAmGeQCSZll Reach Out For Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/4Urgr6gx95h351dsfTXuNQ In The Dark - Remastered
https://open.spotify.com/track/4DEN5Ak4FyEKz4jGt5rjBG Goodbye Blue Sky
https://open.spotify.com/track/1vBVbHJTfyFvLyo9aELuEU The Two of Us (with Nancy Wilson)
https://open.spotify.com/track/66iKqUazBbTlAEjcZrpDkD What A Diff'rence A Day Made
https://open.spotify.com/track/2csA2nDUNR5TfQEn1I7nt4 September In The Rain
https://open.spotify.com/track/0Rk9byjmZksAJX15onGns5 Teach Me Tonight
https://open.spotify.com/track/1c7ELD4W6VyoKTglc4zzUH Mad About The Boy
https://open.spotify.com/track/3Dwj9k9GC0Tm8nDvE9U5Pg It's Magic
https://open.spotify.com/track/1RcLTd97Z6CGEXuKxyornO I Can't Believe That You're In Love With Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/48RDHEZQhUHFfwrJ7o7Owr All Of Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/2TPRvPvUotVn4tGHAWWcog You Don't Know What Love Is
https://open.spotify.com/track/3MCimW1NfKKOkdqDzNsOXA This Bitter Earth
https://open.spotify.com/track/7M3mkGFmV8YMJXcxJ14OJ3 I Could Write A Book
https://open.spotify.com/track/1PFa49yuGnGXRrHcuvE3Fx The Sun Forgot To Shine This Morning
https://open.spotify.com/track/6Mdh8mHdajX5slhofHJkKB A Bad Case Of The Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/42gjKLOPmC7rjXZpDdTHcO Is You Is or Is You Ain't My Baby - 2002 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/4YGHdT126xB7nAfUWM1Hf0 If I Had You
https://open.spotify.com/track/28HXaQiH5DF10ey7yh9Gdu Manhattan
https://open.spotify.com/track/6jqfoXK41QFV9Q5RYmwoMx So In Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/2huX3nzw7aXCaaXiO9kbmu Easy Living
https://open.spotify.com/track/3Wfs3Gz0mKCkQY318FcUjG Wishing Well
https://open.spotify.com/track/02B878qmLiO19I44u0DtqN I Understand
https://open.spotify.com/track/0fVUKrJpQM7jMTgOABVkyi This Bitter Earth / On The Nature Of Daylight
https://open.spotify.com/track/3GFfdTiURoB5ZPSlHQrVcu A Sunday Kind Of Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/4zNlYAp869ClUoGMaZ6K5L If I Were a Bell
https://open.spotify.com/track/0fsUmybL8WDSl5fU23bpF7 Let's Do It (Let's Fall in Love)
https://open.spotify.com/track/0b31IdZ6sXhuBAocwAYFk0 There Is No Greater Love - Live In Los Angeles, 1954
https://open.spotify.com/track/25YKzSRFvgEJ8jXwXYe8A8 Am I Blue
https://open.spotify.com/track/0T8zEgeg8gOnngidArMWuU Somebody Else Is Taking My Place
https://open.spotify.com/track/0IIiV2EHJ2tmpVmuf1Wjsp I Just Couldn't Stand It No More
https://open.spotify.com/track/3LSkJQ5LXcC4kRuKbluFoG Drinking Again
https://open.spotify.com/track/1FhSGq8htj8QP3lUfCHgr5 Time After Time
https://open.spotify.com/track/5cxRemrNoI9DUqQxqd2sir Our Love Is Here To Stay
https://open.spotify.com/track/4pfxq19Kui4nypsRQ8502S These Foolish Things
https://open.spotify.com/track/1fTJakUvlTkptk3u4Fh55N I Won't Cry Anymore
https://open.spotify.com/track/6NdMFnME0SM7TWDD29gIvO Come On Home
https://open.spotify.com/track/2I5ldN3uVqEx5h87xxDmVo Just Friends
https://open.spotify.com/track/5j2Z5B0KIYUXT3auRIsV5Q Baby Won't You Please Come Home
https://open.spotify.com/track/2HtdXC83swft4uG3RoRzU4 You're Nobody 'Til Somebody Loves You - 2002 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/08xWjSAUrxDXsSQzxDLDND When I Fall In Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/7MtsNCeszn18XorVKqFaDM Call Me Irresponsible
https://open.spotify.com/track/6n9a8OzOg0LjASXFVeHQv9 I Wouldn't Know What to Do
https://open.spotify.com/track/55LGSdYxHj1yiDc4jzdpyx Romance in the Dark
https://open.spotify.com/track/32Rewuvfprf0VC5PX3ax3P Evil Gal Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/6CGUp5kaRMlukPChN1uM0m Fly Me to the Moon (In Other Words)
https://open.spotify.com/track/21SJEVGXKNQeEa9oM7tnOi Key to the Highway
https://open.spotify.com/track/6yxS3uqYdbA9TjoszqDIyc Crazy He Calls Me - Live In Los Angeles, 1954
https://open.spotify.com/track/26uFDxLujO2qtZQrpu7eTt Backwater Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/08UQklv9sg6p3cOIwmlJKz I Diddle
https://open.spotify.com/track/1cNQmsHi40PofNelCGCNGI I'll Come Back For More
https://open.spotify.com/track/5rcyAYR6I4CTOJqilAcV21 Baby (You’ve Got What It Takes) (Remastered)
https://open.spotify.com/track/7mi2loWXi3tAFV9Y0ZWe5d There Goes My Heart
https://open.spotify.com/track/17YmwtgT79sINCnfuRoWcm I'll Close My Eyes
https://open.spotify.com/track/0DuWyzeLH09PQcnOMJiRgE Lover Man
https://open.spotify.com/track/1pZn8AX1WulW8IO338hE5D Blue Moon
https://open.spotify.com/track/4smkJW6uzoHxGReZqqwHS5 I'll Be Seeing You
https://open.spotify.com/track/1CTex49P0iWwzUGsMNjgaV Strange Fruit
https://open.spotify.com/track/30QD4VRP9yEneOh0eGTrtJ Solitude
https://open.spotify.com/track/3lO4Z6BSp773vcovgYurHg As Time Goes By
https://open.spotify.com/track/34zhjduFdQFhkRUJ230h9T April In Paris
https://open.spotify.com/track/78MIFwIW5oUNdaL6Sj8hTB You Go To My Head
https://open.spotify.com/track/16ARXAJAcL8ubHDpBLcqDQ On The Sunny Side Of The Street
https://open.spotify.com/track/6o5RbQYhmF4yRRw7ZArxGL Autumn In New York
https://open.spotify.com/track/3mwIoHzwnTnGWjAUVqajLr Stormy Weather
https://open.spotify.com/track/1rUpHU45dBawthkWVugcQn Moonglow
https://open.spotify.com/track/1wAURZCIA0k5RNwaJN3dH3 I'll Look Around
https://open.spotify.com/track/4x4gE6oHHuZ2y7yUsGuOO1 Love Is Here To Stay
https://open.spotify.com/track/3XOJhbofb4qTZdt0RLLrUq All Of You
https://open.spotify.com/track/1Aa2phci2wSI0PWyoESUJA You Turned The Tables On Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/1l3tnchl5noYMXhMjjTvhf It Had To Be You
https://open.spotify.com/track/5UPJdlkMWG2G2UwTfGSjOe You Don't Know What Love Is
https://open.spotify.com/track/4W6g5kfwp0LVBFauBSdx08 Willow Weep For Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/4dUDfXcIhBWs1ybDWzyCd8 Tenderly
https://open.spotify.com/track/1QdQ4r05QWhtcTTXOgRtyA Fine And Mellow
https://open.spotify.com/track/17SIqmKU86yUoUq41MyklH Speak Low
https://open.spotify.com/track/0XsbCr34semDxq0ZX84BCh Easy Living
https://open.spotify.com/track/0ii3b9U8Yw0qnwEUBw0zZs These Foolish Things (Remind Me Of You)
https://open.spotify.com/track/27SVIQdbsAqZkTqpEnNmQ5 Lover, Come Back To Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/7vmC7JVs2lGtdaE3vg8aPp P.S. I Love You
https://open.spotify.com/track/1ScLuFh6ZPY0bkSrv9uVMO The End of a Love Affair - Mono Take 4 with Vocal Overdub Take 8
https://open.spotify.com/track/6qJbpvaU6MVjb3XxyHetVR Cheek To Cheek
https://open.spotify.com/track/1WtNOhka87fGmyzJZ7bYGe You Can't Lose A Broken Heart - Single Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/1oAQJNKrMnIX5tLMan0UsY I'm Yours
https://open.spotify.com/track/3cxsbR45aJapa001BxlGYL But Beautiful
https://open.spotify.com/track/5gXoSVnLyvxRFdvIhUElXS Baby, I Don't Cry Over You
https://open.spotify.com/track/4zmNvhsd4kDCtQSmpQqLlf Porgy
https://open.spotify.com/track/4bF0x2dnqPkozardgPRnt1 Yesterdays
https://open.spotify.com/track/4H0APfSBbMSNi24HlKM3ck A Fine Romance - Take 2 / Alternate
https://open.spotify.com/track/1ytWVUYZiVJq8FriPFtafJ They Can't Take That Away From Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/434Icqe1n6rfIoOSwhrYbn Just One Of Those Things - Take 8 - Master Take
https://open.spotify.com/track/5jGqJTsejbAy7QdhAH2Qwp Good Morning Heartache
https://open.spotify.com/track/5F1RyjjdQAK6eLbw3WPc9S You're Driving Me Crazy
https://open.spotify.com/track/5ZGaS6Q8WW21pyQWajBcXs Love Me Or Leave Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/7vVu4cjI5zfOMlQk4EuCwZ My Sweet Hunk O' Trash - Single Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/2xtC6kb6H26qVX4ZdncS7f God Bless The Child
https://open.spotify.com/track/7c7yHHFdYkqBzS1DG3UIFq Body And Soul
https://open.spotify.com/track/2UGJnn5AfQwUVH40hEUlPP My Old Flame
https://open.spotify.com/track/0tFX3mUraX85YPzTwEHWs4 Night and Day - Take 1
https://open.spotify.com/track/5SFPuL6V5EalVIWPvdb5q3 Any Old Time
https://open.spotify.com/track/2BUxmT11iPwKGdXx1frAUb For Heaven's Sake
https://open.spotify.com/track/212RTejAToEWUUGOi9ysHN Time on My Hands
https://open.spotify.com/track/7FaCAYinOKSKRIuXhxvR6p My Man
https://open.spotify.com/track/0jRC6xCZsAExvzejqF58xn Prelude To A Kiss
https://open.spotify.com/track/6YGjimELcQfbkb96Wy62kW Billie's Blues - Take 1
https://open.spotify.com/track/59KkICr2P3gksRXtukBrIX Am I Blue? - Take 2
https://open.spotify.com/track/5wT7y3xSco5sums7HG8Am2 It's Not For Me To Say
https://open.spotify.com/track/1tnNrJSjlmGuzA2uMguXLX Moonlight In Vermont
https://open.spotify.com/track/0e3JeTAg6R4C659PjpMDCR Glad to Be Unhappy
https://open.spotify.com/track/6Rqn2GFlmvmV4w9Ala0I1e Feeling Good
https://open.spotify.com/track/7M9pPyt8Gr41THLhbz4NSB Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood
https://open.spotify.com/track/0sjxRg1VlYfx4YG7uxurrq I Put A Spell On You
https://open.spotify.com/track/5xRP5iyVdGglqlY4Vcjhkx Sinnerman
https://open.spotify.com/track/027wIJmxOgCGvpI6qzHjj2 Color Is A Beautiful Thing
https://open.spotify.com/track/3Hi4KlRtdgJbyIUpeFBckY Lilac Wine
https://open.spotify.com/track/2eKwjJkBUaeaGq5GA1wTwc Strange Fruit
https://open.spotify.com/track/6illsnZ2rn1lCzXY9gBC28 Ne Me Quitte Pas
https://open.spotify.com/track/4ZFwqrpTFL9dRMDSyIH262 Be My Husband
https://open.spotify.com/track/1x9ahz0ALGHgbN9wwDjmre Here Comes the Sun
https://open.spotify.com/track/6VTbbVjKOC2qWagIDbkJrC My Baby Just Cares for Me - 2013 Remastered Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/159F1pdX35fbRevVBbjTFw The Times They Are A-Changin' - Outtake
https://open.spotify.com/track/7F0YrCETWyKpprlNJpYfWi The Twelveth of Never
https://open.spotify.com/track/59ergcrbjTOTKEetpTQJhI Li'l Liza Jane - Live at the Newport Jazz Festival, Newport, RI, June 30, 1960
https://open.spotify.com/track/5CKHhg31HcYYhwUeeGqvhq I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be Free
https://open.spotify.com/track/39CyGKIFqMzSuynOR8uilD Baltimore
https://open.spotify.com/track/7LZoKNMhsZ7qbP1lYGDva8 To Love Somebody
https://open.spotify.com/track/2XzHou7MZzOBQBqjWw86Nt Love Me Or Leave Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/3LELTbDh9YCJrJIUERcj9p Just Like a Woman
https://open.spotify.com/track/0kDpFPQgQYeZ7t04Quiwkn I Loves You Porgy - 2013 Remastered Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/5ywoRjfVIlcJiSAxwPT3Pt Mr. Bojangles
https://open.spotify.com/track/3NcJu9876GBJuNU6vJOrbb I Want a Little Sugar In My Bowl
https://open.spotify.com/track/0EiGzshQIaM98eOXdKTGaD The Look of Love
https://open.spotify.com/track/2YwjSPeznyCvkUYvqKbXa9 Take Care Of Business
https://open.spotify.com/track/33WjZmABjWk4zrerZiFLJ7 Black Is The Color Of My True Love's Hair
https://open.spotify.com/track/0aIcFRGr88cGtlEJBuDub6 Do I Move You?
https://open.spotify.com/track/32BTFbqhSvYKftE0e8a8d4 I Shall Be Released
https://open.spotify.com/track/1BaAzMva4yf7cWeOGwp7H4 Mood Indigo
https://open.spotify.com/track/67RKpDruBXMJgAmhJAivXr To Be Young, Gifted and Black - 2005 Remix
https://open.spotify.com/track/1JDtis0DMrFexM4kfoIH98 Plain Gold Ring - 2013 Remastered Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/395JOroUb1RLcDp5BCN7F5 Save Me
https://open.spotify.com/track/628A54HsxBPfgJPShyD7gx Work Song
https://open.spotify.com/track/1rsTANyQavJLIiPIFUgoiM Suzanne
https://open.spotify.com/track/6zYfEsNOhv5hd6CfwPXjIY I Get Along Without You Very Well (Except Sometimes)
https://open.spotify.com/track/0Z6J3eMqewSwFvVuclFxwD Little Girl Blue - Live In New York, 1964
https://open.spotify.com/track/2vyIoVK6ggvXVNEvmIt1vs See-Line Woman
https://open.spotify.com/track/2Yg4GGGKqGwoqM5OgdhpAj My Way
https://open.spotify.com/track/2vY3XKWiQ3gb4o0aXRtHjY Blues for Mama
https://open.spotify.com/track/0S8wQT9YkE41gHIGwXvgep Since I Fell for You
https://open.spotify.com/track/6GWLNfRviT4S82inkxvXV8 I Think It's Going to Rain Today
https://open.spotify.com/track/3muwYfpLZGYsvrrssEzrxF Wild Is The Wind
https://open.spotify.com/track/1WP7Snm91AFyvhWb3s8UB8 Do What You Gotta Do
https://open.spotify.com/track/2bdapwYVEGpGWxlx3iooAB Backlash Blues
https://open.spotify.com/track/78c7e7g2gNTO8kbLgzYiwu If I Should Lose You - 2003 Remaster
https://open.spotify.com/track/7urjzeGBtfHdwWmfYJjdAp Four Women
https://open.spotify.com/track/4m7pFEW1DUYIqDAxChidNt Don't Smoke in Bed - 2013 Remastered Version
https://open.spotify.com/track/3cfz4PB3iCqG12StNkKvRo Tomorrow Is My Turn
https://open.spotify.com/track/5yMRZqh2HCo5NFbLNt6sD1 Nobody Knows You When You're Down And Out
https://open.spotify.com/track/3SmTSujkbFtr7OKhHhheQi No Woman, No Cry - Outtake
https://open.spotify.com/track/2kvYMbijT2djq5C0MnMI6h The Other Woman - Live at Town Hall; 2004 Remaster
